com/example/android/navigation/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.android.navigation.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.android.navigation.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.android.navigation.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentTitleBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentTitleBindingImpl
com/example/android/navigation/TitleFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.navigation.TitleFragmentDirections
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentGameOverBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentGameOverBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentGameOverBinding.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentGameOverBinding
com/example/android/navigation/GameWonFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.android.navigation.GameWonFragmentArgs
 com.example.android.navigation.GameWonFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.android.navigation.GameWonFragmentArgs$Builder
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentTitleBinding.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentTitleBinding
com/example/android/navigation/GameWonFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.navigation.GameWonFragmentDirections
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentGameBinding.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentGameBinding
com/example/android/navigation/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.android.navigation.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentGameWonBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentGameWonBindingImpl
com/example/android/navigation/GameOverFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.navigation.GameOverFragmentDirections
com/example/android/navigation/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.navigation.BuildConfig
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentGameWonBinding.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentGameWonBinding
com/example/android/navigation/databinding/FragmentGameBindingImpl.java
 com.example.android.navigation.databinding.FragmentGameBindingImpl
com/example/android/navigation/GameFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.android.navigation.GameFragmentDirections
 com.example.android.navigation.GameFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.android.navigation.GameFragmentDirections$ActionGameFragmentToGameWonFragment
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/android/navigation/BR.java
 com.example.android.navigation.BR
